Job: Magento, Custom PHP Apps, WordPress... OH MY! - ColorJar | Well hello there! We at ColorJar are adding a fellow digital craftsmen to our development team. What’s a digital craftsmen, you ask? It’s someone who loves building amazing, thoughtful, done-the-right-way digital products -- from Magento ecommerce, to custom applications, to mobile-optimized brand and content driven sites. About The Role As a ColorJar developer, you will interact with various projects with various clients. We do a lot of work in PHP with Magento, Symfony, Laravel, Wordpress, etc. Since we have lots of awesome clients, we are always working on lots of different projects, so get ready to jump in and learn about a topic for a while. Some of the things you will likely deal with include: •Custom Magento Sites •Custom Wordpress Sites  •Custom PHP Apps •Front-End Coding with HTML and CSS •Back-End Coding with Fun Platforms   About You •The idea of being a cog in a wheel makes you do this. •You laugh at animated gifs. •You are psyched on the idea of improving your craft by surrounding yourself with brilliant people. •You want to surround yourselves with people -- you are not a loner. •You are a nerd: closeted or proud. •You’re often the smartest person in the room, but love it when you’re not. •You’re tired of working on things you don’t care about. •You’re willing and eager to learn and apply new and emerging technologies. •You aren’t scared of clowns, because we've been known to send one to say job well done. Enough Fluff -- I Need The Exact Things to Compare Myself To Ok, that makes sense. This would be a lousy job description if we didn’t put in all these things! THINGS YOU DOMINATE (aka required abilities) •Magento Experience •PHP Experience (3-6 years) •MySQL/DB Capabilities •Custom Apps Development Experience •Knowledge of PHP frameworks a plus (Laravel, Symfony 2, Zend 2, etc) •Ability to Follow Framework Best Practices •Backend Skills (Setting up frameworks/platforms, customizing and extending them) •Git Experience •Ability To Work On A Team •Solid Commitment To Quality Code and Best Practices •Strong Communication Skills BONUS TIME •Strong Frontend Skills in HTML/CSS/JS •Enjoy the Agile Methodology •Frontend Frameworks Like Foundation and Bootstrap •Install, Develop/Code, Test, and Debug Back End Code on a LAMP Stack •Ability to Write Proper Documentation •Comfort With Git-Flow or Hgflow •Experience with JIRA •Third Party API integration OMG IT WOULD BE GREAT SEE •Knowledge of Grunt and SCSS •Familiarity With Vagrant and Virtual Machines