Job: Ruby on Rails Developer - CoverMyMeds | We are building one of the world's largest healthcare networks, connecting physicians, pharmacies, and insurance companies to help patients get on and stay on their medications. Our developers work directly with our customers and sales and support teams, not business analysts and managers, to figure out how to make our customers happy. This means that our developers have a broad set of responsibilities and roles to cover in a work environment full of exceptional and driven professionals. We believe people are at their best when they are comfortable and having fun. We strongly believe that the best developer teams are built by hiring both local and remote developers and making sure that all are first-class citizens. We also make sure our developers have the tools they need to do their jobs, like MacBook Pros, large monitors, standing adjustable desks, and fantastic pair partners. Despite our rapid growth, we strive to keep our start-up origins apparent in our culture – we are "casually intense." What CoverMyMeds Developers Do  First and foremost, design and develop software for the CoverMyMeds product line. This includes web applications for physicians, pharmacists, and health insurance companies as well as APIs to integrate with third-party systems. You will work side-by-side with our customer-support and sales staff to understand customer needs and make sure your work really matters. Our software will help over 3 million patients get on their medication this year!\n Design and develop internal support software such as support-team utilities, automated test scripts, and deployment scripts.\n Assist our support team to resolve tough customer issues.\n Assist with revision control and deployment, also improving the process to increase our efficiency and effectiveness.\n Continuously improve your technical and design expertise, learning new tools, techniques, and ways of working.\n Assist in mentoring less-experienced developers, and generally sharing what you have learned with your colleagues.\n About Our Technology Stack We provide tools to users in all parts of the prescription-drug ecosystem to create and manage Prior Authorization requests for insurance coverage. We maintain both a user-facing web portal and a set of RESTful API services for physician, pharmacy, and insurance systems.\n All of our new development is done in Ruby on Rails with jQuery and Backbone.js.\n We also support our "legacy" applications in PHP and Python.\n We support all of our own infrastructure, built on a 100% open-source stack, at a co-located data center.\n Qualifications Four-year computer science or engineering degree or equivalent experience. Demonstrated experience and proficiency in developing web-based software and interfaces.\n Demonstrated experience and proficiency in developing SQL database software.\n Experience with our development tools and environment desired such as Ruby (primarily with Rails), Python, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, Backbone.js, and SQL.\n Demonstrated experience in working in a highly collaborative environment with other software developers.\n Ability to work and thrive in a highly creative, collaborative, and dynamic environment. \n