Job: Experienced Front-end Developer-Work Remote-EU Time Zone - Revenviews.com | We are searching a full time professional "Frontend Developer" to develop web applications in the video advertising vertical.Revenviews is a technology provider and is focused solely on software development in the online market. Our technology is also targeted to the adult online market. operation requiring you to be available online during working hours on the EU time zone. Even though the team works remotely we are a dedicated operation and are in continuous contact throughout the day. You will act as a conduit between our UX'ers and the backend developers to create full featured applications. Some of the technology frameworks you will be using are based on html/css and heavy use of js by translating the mockups and wireframes from the UX/photoshop to valid and optimized html. We are an agile and professional team of developers paired with highly experienced online sales and marketing minds. The office is a remote Your benefits Flexibility of a remote job, Work in a professional and responsive team, Work with agile methodologies, Competitive compensation, Work on disruptive technologies What we expect: Reliability, especially since we work remotely Responsiveness and good communication skills Fluent english Independent working High level of self organization WE can only accept applicants from European time zone Technical: You should be familiar with the following tools and techniques: Git, Standards-compliant and cross-browser compatible code Very good knowledge in declarative languages like html/css3/js Familiarity with one of "modern" js frameworks like: ember.js/backbone/angular/etc. Translating from photoshop to html What we use: Backbone &amp; Marionette for MV* Bootstrap as "base" framework LESS Bower + Gulp to load and build assets If you are interested in working with us, please send your complete CV incl. your last jobs and a list of visible references of web projects (link to github account or zip with non-minified code samples) . Please send to jobs@revenviews.com