Job: Ruby on Rails developer - Litmus | At Litmus we build cutting edge tools to help email marketers. We're used by over 100,000 email marketers all around the world and have partnerships with the best in the industry including MailChimp, Campaign Monitor, Experian and more. We’re bootstrapped, profitable and proud. You’ll be working with our team of developers building cool stuff, with amazing people. What would I do at Litmus? It's simple. We have too many ideas. We want to try them all and add features to our existing products all while continuing to provide amazing support to our growing customer base. We're looking for Ruby on Rails developers to help expand our product line, improve our existing products and help build the next generation of Litmus tools. A typical day for one of our developers might include working with our design team to figure out the best way to present a new feature to our customers, working with the .NET team to integrate a new API and working with customer support to squash a tricky bug. Why should I choose Litmus? We offer everything you'd expect from a successful and profitable startup, except we've been going strong for eight years. Great salary, comprehensive health care benefits, 28 days paid vacation (yes, on top of public holidays!)\n The technology - it's always the latest stuff and very diverse.\n The best tools money can buy. Every developer has an SSD, dual Apple 27" LED monitors, an Aeron chair and whatever else you need to be awesome.\n Our office space is amazing. It includes killer views of MIT, Harvard and Boston, an Xbox with Kinect, beer fridge and Sonos sound system. We also buy you lunch, every day.\n If you're remote, we'll fly you out to Boston regularly and you can stay in our wonderfully furnished company apartment.\n What are you looking for in a candidate? You should have a strong understanding of Ruby and Ruby on Rails, we won't limit to x years experience, but you should be able to impress us with your app building skills. We are interested in people who have strong product experience, people who have spent a lot of time sweating the details about what really matters to customers. We're happy to introduce you to the plethora of other technologies we use. Here’s what some of our 32 person crew have to say about Litmus: “Everyone. Gives. A. Shit. (about the tech, the products, the customers, each other). Trust and ownership are important here. We build products that scratch our own itch. We experiment, we celebrate (big things (like throwing a launch party), and small (beers at the end of the week)). Oh, and there’s no red tape, bullshit posturing, timecards or org charts!” Eddie, Ruby Developer “Aside from software architecture and syntax, there hasn’t been a task that I have begun that I have known how to do. It is a constant learning experience and we often times find ourselves building things that have never been built before.” Justin, C# Developer “We’re in charge of our own future and aren’t beholden by a board, investors or anyone else. I feel like the people I work for care more for our customers and their employees than most other companies do.” Justine, Marketing “Super cool office! – Our office is amazing and we do a lot of cool things here. Kinect + beer fridays + fun :) It’s also easy to get to and a great location.” Danielle, Support “The "founders” are in the thick of it. Also, the collective responsibility, I feel like I could rely on any team member for help.“ James, Account Manager If you live near Cambridge then we’d love to welcome you to the office, if you want to relocate to beautiful Boston then that’s wonderful as well (provided you can already legally work in the USA). If you don’t live nearby then that’s ok too. We already have remote members of the team and are happy to speak to great programmers wherever they are in the world. Unfortunately, we don't work with recruiters at this time.