Job: Software Engineer (Full-Stack) - BuySellAds | Who We Are BuySellAds operates the largest self-serve advertising marketplace on the web. We were recently named to the Inc500 as one of the fastest growing private companies in the United States. We're a technology-focused company that believes in building great software to make advertisers and publishers more efficient and successful. We're a team of 18, mostly remote, with a small component of the team working out of our Boston HQ. We have tens of thousands of users and a growing product offering. Our web apps are primarily built with PHP and MySQL. We also maintain some ad serving software in Go and C++. What You'll Do Help shape and implement new features within BuySellAds' web applications. This means working with the rest of the engineering team (fellow developers, designers, and product owners) as well as sales and support folks to figure out what we should (and shouldn't) be building and how to build it well.\n Write code. PHP, SQL, JavaScript, CSS... you know the drill. We're not expecting you to design our UIs, but you'll need to be able to take a non-functioning UI and make it all work. This will entail some database design, some API documentation research, etc. \n Integrate with in-house and third-party ad servers through REST and SOAP APIs. \n Keep things running smoothly by identifying and fixing bugs, keeping vulnerabilities out of our codebase, etc.\n Help the company grow. \n Do this all from your home somewhere in the United States or from our office in Boston. \n Requirements We don't have strict requirements for formal education or years of experience with specific technologies, but needless to say, we're looking for someone knowledgeable and experienced. To that end, these bullet points should seem comfortable: Full-time experience in web development, preferably with a LAMP-like stack\n Experience working with sizable MySQL installations\n Experience working with a team of developers and designers\n Experience with complex API integrations\n Knowledge of software/web development best practices, including web security basics, etc. \n Ability to get things done as a "self-starter," i.e., without micromanagement\n Eligibility to work in the United States \n Interested? This is a full-time position. If you're interested and think you fit the description, send us an email at dev@buysellads.com. Tell us about yourself, what you do, and why you want to work with us. A resume wouldn't hurt.