Job: Lead Engineer - Formidable Labs | You’re a contradiction. An individual contributor who’s comfortable teaching and leading junior engineers; someone who has strong opinions on the right way to do things, yet is humble and open to feedback; a hardcore techie who can work directly with customers to discover and build what they need; a rebel who believes working hard and smart goes hand-in-hand with 40-hour weeks.  You could work wherever you want—yet you’re reading this job description because you’re looking for something different.  Formidable Labs is a small company that’s proud to have accomplishments that belie our size. In our first two years, we’ve:  • Built the checkout, test, build systems—plus much of the mobile site—for Walmart.com  • Rebuilt Ookla’s Speedtest.net—visited by over 5 million people a day—and migrated core infrastructure from Flash to JavaScript  • Built NetIndex, which is frequently cited in media all around the world • Led training at CascadiaJS  Because we’re bootstrapped and profitable, we’ve done all of this without compromising our convictions about culture: results are king, no red tape, and enabling smart people to do their best work. We’re small enough that your success will be directly linked to ours, and vice versa. We’re also small enough that the company owners are always accessible—as in, working on your team or within shouting distance. No need to spend weeks polishing slides to propose a new company initiative here; an IM is all it takes to get executive buy-in.   And, because we’re both small and successful, you’ll have the chance to make an outsized impact. You won’t be building the next game engine or experimental language, but you will be helping lead a small team that punches far above its weight.  Want to work on some of the world’s highest-traffic sites? Here’s your chance to do it and own the whole thing, not just a meta-rollup-backup-service-index service. Want to work on early-stage startups? We serve those, too. Formidable Labs gives you the room to work on what makes you happy.  So how about it? Are you ready to be a big fish in a small pond—a pond that you really, really love?  What You’ll Do:  • Lead a small team of Formidables that owns a project  • Set best practices for your team  • Help junior developers grow into strong individual contributors  • Work with customers on project definition and iterations of deliverables  • Do things well without trying to reinvent the wheel  • Be the company expert in technologies you think we should be using  • Learn from your peers  What You Have:  • Advanced programming skills in more than one language  • Experience with at least one server-side stack: Node.js, Ruby on Rails, Django, etc.  • Strong instincts for design patterns, architecture, and code style  • 5+ years’ experience, including:   ▾ Experience leading teams   ▾ Experience working across the entire software lifecycle, from design to deployment to maintenance  Extra Credit:  • Open-source projects to your name  • Experience teaching technical topics  • Proven history of mentorship  • Successful direct interactions with customers  Who We Are  Formidable Labs is a privately-held, bootstrapped firm based in Fremont, WA. Developing complete web apps, embedding experts in clients’ teams, leading technology-specific training—we tailor our offerings to our customers’ needs, be they startups or Fortune 500s. We’re pushing the bleeding edge of the modern web by advancing the open-source software we use, teaching and learning new technologies, and pursuing opportunities and growth. Formidable Labs is committed to hiring the best people for the job, regardless of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. 