Job: Data Engineer - WhatRunsWhere | We are WhatRunsWhere – the leader in online advertising intelligence.  We collect and create insights from a myriad of data to help businesses buy ads more effectively.  We operate as a small yet passionate team that feels like a family.  We love new ideas and encourage and reward creative, forward thinking. At WhatRunsWhere, data is the lifeblood of our company.  As a Data Engineer, you will be the steward of that data, ensuring that our ever-growing collection of advertising intelligence is clean, scalable, and well-organized. Your responsibilities will include data modeling, building our data and reporting infrastructure, and working with internal stakeholders (our data scientist, the product team, our management, etc) on tangible ways we can turn our data into information and intelligence. This position will give you a great deal of autonomy. You’ll be encouraged to conduct your own research, try new things, and play a huge role in architecting what analytics looks like at this company. If you’re the kind of person who can work with a multi-terabyte Cassandra cluster and write Apache Spark applications today, while simultaneously keeping an eye on where we need to be a year from now, or in five, then we’d love to talk to you. For a company our size, we’ve got quite a lot of data, and quite a lot of challenges to give you, both in the near term, and in the long.    Qualifications &amp; Experience: - Bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent work experience - Experience with both scripting and compiled languages. We use Python, Java, and Scala - Proven track record of architecting and building scalable systems - Expert-level knowledge of SQL (MySQL or PostgreSQL prefered) - Experience designing ETL processes between various data sources - Knowledge of, and experience with, distributed data systems (we use ElasticSearch, Cassandra, PostgreSQL, and Hive) Bonus points: - Our systems run on AWS, so experience there is a definite plus - You’re opinionated but not a jerk - You’re as allergic to drama and office politics as we are - You aren’t afraid to admit when you don’t know something - You love learning new things To apply: Please send resume and optional cover letter to jobs@whatrunswhere.com. Or, if you’d like, just shoot us an email and we can tell you a bit talk about the position and our company. 