Job: Full-Stack Web Developer (PHP/MySQL) - Wells Media Group | Wells Media Group is a B2B media company specializing in news and information resources for the property casualty insurance industry. We create print magazines, news websites, email newsletters, video, mobile apps, research and directories for property casualty professionals. We are looking for a full-stack web developer to join our growing team. As a member of the web team you will play an important role in the daily operations of our websites, email newsletters, ad products, subscriptions, ecommerce and mobile apps. You'll help create and maintain new features, sections, landing pages, order forms, and reporting and automation tools. Remote workers ok. San Diego or Charlotte area preferred. No agencies. About you: PHP and MySQL are your tools of choice. You're familiar with MVC frameworks and content management systems. You like to understand the motivation behind the work and how it fits the overall goals. You look for the best solution not the first. You suggest new ideas when there's a better solution. Desired skills: - Extensive and proven experience with PHP / MySQL - Solid understanding and appreciation of web standards and best practices - Clear understanding of HTML/CSS/Javascript - Care about user experience - Strong knowledge of MySQL / relational databases - Expertise with wordpress and/or laravel - Excellent communication and writing skills - Effective problem solving ability - Self-motivated, able to work independently - Experience working remote - Comfortable with command line - Ability to communicate with and guide/support non-technical users - Good eye for design. You're not a designer but you can effectively present information and you know when something looks great. - Understand responsive design concepts and popular frameworks like bootstrap - Understand REST APIs and integrating with other systems - Familiar with tools like composer, grunt, sass - Familiar with git/svn Pluses: - Experience with online advertising - Experience with news/magazine media - Strong understanding of web analytics, you know your way around Google Analytics and can explain variance between other analytics - Familiar with SEO fundamentals, frontend and backend - Mobile platforms and framework experience - Experience with HTML email creation and best practices - Linux server administration, cloud servers, Magento, SugarCRM How to apply: Please email your resume with cover letter to careers@wellsmedia.com with "Web Developer" in the subject line. In your email let us know the site where you found us. Benefits: 401k and profit sharing program Casual work atmosphere with people who like to get things done Generous time-off and holidays