Job: Javascript Software Engineer - Help Scout | Our engineering team is small, remote and responsible for supporting the code they write (talking to customers). There is no dedicated QA team, so we're looking for senior-level folks that write tests and are rather stubborn about quality front to back. As a javascript software engineer, you will be working on the single-page Backbone apps that make up the Help Scout front-end.  Tools We Use Backbone.js/Marionette/jQuery\n Java (APIs)\n Solr\n Node.js\n RabbitMQ\n Git/Github\n About the Role You'll be working with one other full-time engineer on our Backbone apps, adding new features, writing tests and improving performance. One big project you'll work on is a re-factor of the mailbox, which also leverages Node.js infrastructure for a few things.\n You'll be working autonomously for the most part. Aside from a couple of weekly check-ins or project updates, you'll be able to work interruption-free. 90% of our communication happens in Slack.\n Everything is secondary to the customer experience. We expect you to have a keen sense of how your code will impact the customer experience in terms of performance, security and the user interface.\n Work from our Boston office or remotely, provided you have 4+ hours of overlap time with the other engineers. Half of our team works remotely today.\n You'll be working with product people. The founders are technical and committed to creating a magical experience for customers. You'll deploy work that moves the needle for businesses around the world.\n About You You have experience building Backbone apps and have an excellent understanding of the best practices. Marionette experience is a bonus but not required. You won't have trouble picking it up.\n You became an engineer because you like writing software that helps people.\n You have a history of working on products at scale and can bring a high level of expertise to the business.\n Your code is not only a pleasure for customers to use, but for other engineers to read and understand easily.\n You can speak and write in terms that non-geeks can understand clearly, whether it be in a conference call, blog post or support email.\n BENEFITS Work anywhere - work from our office in Boston or anywhere else, provided you have 4 hours of overlap with the team\n Health &amp; dental - we cover you and your family's health/dental insurance 100%\n Flexible vacation - take time off when you need it, we trust you\n Great tools - each employee needs a Mac laptop and 27' display, so we'll get you what you need\n Complete transparency - everyone has full access to business metrics and financial information about the company\n -- Help Scout supports workplace diversity and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, military service eligibility, veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status, physical or mental disability, or any other protected class. 