Job: Passionate iOS Developer - CleverTech | Seeking Passionate iOS Developer Let me introduce Clevertech.  We help companies hatch and grow to reach their ambition for over 13 years.  We have over 85 developers scattered all over the world working together.  Our clients have been featured in the NY Times, Forbes, TechCrunch and Mashable. You can see our CEO's Kuty Shalev's presentation at Lean Startup Conference (http://goo.gl/MsTcp)  or go to our website clevertech.biz. We have a ton of work from amazing companies who are starting up and testing the market with their ideas, and we help them find out if its worth pushing ahead or try to find something else. Some of our clients have raised money and been featured in the press, others have successful businesses, and some discover that its worth trying something else. If you want to understand why it's so amazing to work for Clevertech, you can look at http://why.clevertech.biz We're looking for someone to round out the team by delivering rich, beautiful, native experiences on iOS. For our web based systems we use the latest technologies - our focus in is full stack javascript. Who are you? You are clever, able to communicate complex concepts clearly. You can handle a huge load, and find a way to elegantly solve the business need. You know when to ask more questions. Where to look for answers. You know how to talk to a client whether it be the secretary or the owner. You enjoy sharing with colleagues. You want to participate in the new economy working wherever you happen to be, as long as you have a good internet connection and some quiet space to video chat or share screen to do a code review. You want to create! There is a magic in creating a beautiful native mobile experience from scratch and delighting our users. Experience/Skills: * Objective-C + iOS * Integrating mobile applications with RESTful application backends * Core data or other seamless offline functionality / data persistence backed by RESTful API. * Experience creating advanced UI interactions or gamified business apps. * Ability to manage entire app development life-cycle from Xcode project setup through device provisioning and app store deployments * Experience with OCUnit or other iOS testing methods a plus. * Node.js + Javascript experience a plus. This is a full-time, fully remote, 8h/day, 40h/week, 160h/month offer. If this is you -- contact us with some recent work and tell us a story about your ambition and how working with us will help you achieve it.  