Job: Senior Ruby Developer - Stack Builders | Job Opening: Senior Ruby Developer About Us Stack Builders is a software consultancy dedicated to going beyond delivering great products for clients - we want to change the software industry through the use of better tools and practices. Stack Builders was founded in New York City five years ago. Recently we have experienced phenomenal growth in the Quito, Ecuador office which we opened almost two years ago. Most of our projects are done using Ruby as a back-end, but we have strong Haskell developers on our team. Approximately 25% of our development is currently in Haskell and Clojure with that percentage continually growing. About You We are looking for a Senior Ruby Developer to work with our international team of world-class developers to help with a surge of client projects. We would like someone with a solid Ruby background and an interest or experience in functional programming. This position would most likely be for 6 months+ and would require 40 hours a week (occasional vacations off with notice are fine).  This would be an ideal position for someone who likes the big-picture vision of helping manage dev teams, tackling challenging architectural decisions and who is continually eager to grow. Candidates should have a strong background in building maintainable object-oriented or functional programs and effectively facilitating agile teams. Candidates with contributions to open-source platforms are a major plus! The ideal candidate will want to work and learn alongside seasoned developers and think through solutions to complex problems. We want someone who shares our passion for continual improvement and who will be enthusiastic about participating in our weekly Research and Development learning sessions. Candidates will enjoy working with an international team and take pride in completion of tasks in an organized and timely manner. As we continue our rapid growth, we are looking for a passionate Senior developer who will help create the ideal team. Top candidates will be driven, have passion for learning new tricks of their trade, enjoy travel, attending conferences, giving speeches, creating industry blogs and want the opportunity to grow personally and professionally with our firm.   Perks: Strong culture of learning and professional development\n Space to be a visionary in the industry\n Occasional travel to Quito, Ecuador\n If interested, please respond confirming availability for full time work, and include a link to a GitHub profile with examples of RoR work that we can evaluate. Make sure to include and point us to: 1. An example of a class that you have written 2. Examples of unit-testing and BDD (rspec/minitest) If we like your work, a technical interview will follow. To find out more about us, check out our website at http://www.stackbuilders.com