Job: QA Tester Needed... Killer Gig - Healthy Back Institute | Hey… thanks for dropping by. Are you tired of jumping around from one failed startup to another… or working at, or worse, being laid off by big, dumb corporate monstrosities? How great would it be to work at a fast growing but stable company… a place where you are respected, appreciated and really part of a family? A company that is really doing something great in the world? If that interests you, then I highly encourage you to read more about this job and about our company... My name is Ken Burge… I’m the CTO here at www.losethebackpain.com and I’m looking for an experienced Software QA tester / engineer to join our software development team. We are building our own internal e-commerce platform and after it’s internal launch, we will begin building a separate software company to sell this powerful platform to other successful web businesses. So because of that, this position starts out as contract work but then can turn into a full-time, ongoing position. The role can be remote or in our office and reports directly to me. Skills &amp; Requirements Must have experience testing web based products (saas)\n 5+ years of experience in Manual testing\n 2+ years of experience in Automated testing\n Version control systems (GIT and Subversion)\n API testing experience\n Task Management / Bug Tracking\n Experience with web debugging tools\n Bonus Points If You Have: Experience testing e-commerce / order management systems\n Experience using automated test tools to test an application UI\n What You’ll Be Doing: Developing test plans, procedures and schedules to ensure proper testing of the application.\n Executing test plans (automatic and manual testing)\n Reporting findings back to CTO and dev team\n Help identify, analyze and suggest potential solutions to issues you uncover.\n Participate in design reviews, providing insight as a member of the development team.\n Review software documentation to ensure that it is accurate and complete\n Bug validation and investigation\n 7 Reasons You’ll Love Working Here #1 Stability We've been in business since 2003 and have gone through many of the "rough patches" already. We are now a very strong and healthy company and aren't going anywhere for a very long time. In 2011 we were awarded a spot in the Inc 500/5000 coming in at #595. #2. Opportunity Unlike most companies that want to keep your pay as low as they can, we do the opposite! Our goal is to pay you as much as we possibly can because when we do, we know that means you are creating tremendous value for our customers and our business. We only want A level superstars so we offer above average compensation as well as performance-based bonuses. Very few companies can come close to this compensation. The better you perform – the more you make! #3. Flexibility Location doesn't matter to us. I don't care if you're working on the beach, your kitchen, or in your backyard. I don't care if you work from 6 a.m. - 2 p.m. Or from noon – 8 p.m… As long as you stay productive and produce results – that's all that matters. Note that some positions do require working in our Austin, TX office. #4. Freedom We believe that all people deserve to be free... free to make their own choices... free to create their own success... and we strive to create a work environment that not only allows, but empowers you to be creative and take risks (well thought out of course). No company politics or popularity contests. Instead you get to be YOU and you have the freedom to create your own success in your own unique way. We are a team of "producers"... people who are results oriented and believe that each person should be responsible for themselves. #5. Great People You'd be joining an existing team of superstars, many of which have been with the company for years. There is virtually no “drama” within the team that most companies have. Everybody is fun, passionate, great at what they do, and willing to help out. If you're that kind of person – you'll fit in perfect. #6. Training and Education We invest heavily in our knowledge and skills. As part of our team you'll have access to an enormous library of "how to" and "self improvement" books and courses and we also reimburse our team when they invest in continued education. #7. Growth We are growing at warp speed and have continued to increase profits year after year. This growth also means growth for you... in knowledge, skills, relationships and income.   Company Description The Healthy Back Institute is a fast growing natural health publishing and consumer products company with the focus on helping people to live without pain. We are not a “start up”. We’ve been in business for over 10 years and have nearly a million customers in over 120 countries around the world. We are stable, profitable and there are no outside investors. We offer flexible work hours, the option of working remotely (some roles, though we prefer people working together in the office) as well as lots of unusual perks. Our company headquarters is currently located in Austin, TX (Dripping Springs).