Job: Software Engineer - Emma, Inc. | There’s no place like Emma. Competitive and fast-paced, yet friendly and full of personality. And dead set on becoming the very best at what we do. We've been named 2014 Company of the Year by the Nashville Technology Council, picked as one of the Top 100 Places to Work by Outside Magazine, and honored as one of Inc. Magazine's Winning Workplaces. Meanwhile, we're out to build a product, service and brand that's known and loved by marketers and their companies all over the world. And we're looking for talented, passionate, been-there-won-that professionals (see what we did there?) to help get us there.  We are looking for remote software engineers with a proven track record of building robust, scalable products &amp; platforms with an eye for finding elegant solutions to complex problems. We work in small teams with clear objectives, a process which allows for accountability and transparency, and an expectation to support and maintain the software we create. Our technology stack is mainly JavaScript and Python, and we are looking to fill roles for a variety of projects including: Event-driven micro services, and APIs (Django, Flask, Hapi)\n Dynamic web applications (Django, Flask, Backbone.js, Node.js, Hapi)\n Infrastructure development on AWS (SNS/SQS, Elasticache, Redis, PostgreSQL, Elasticsearch)\n Deploying, scaling, automating, and monitoring servers in multiple data centers and the cloud (DevOps &amp; SREs)\n Mobile application development for iOS and Android\n Haven’t mastered everything in that list? That’s ok. We heavily weigh potential, a desire for learning, and passion for contributing. Tell us what you know about: Building dynamic web applications\n Designing and building RESTful APIs and distributed systems\n Designing, building, and performance-tuning database and storage strategies\n Experience with dynamic and functional languages\n Working in a Linux or Mac OS X environment, familiarity with server administration and tools\n Sound interesting? Emma offers competitive salaries, generous benefits and an enviable environment and culture. Our extremely talented, passionate, friendly group is looking to add yet another extremely talented, passionate, friendly colleague.  Let's talk. 