Job: Python Developer - Build the smartest way to buy a car - Unhaggle Inc. | Unhaggle serves car buyers with a relentless passion for phenomenal customer satisfaction.  We’ve made buying a new car easier, faster and more transparent for car buyers and dealers alike with our innovations. We are currently the #1 web portal in Canada for new car buying. The data we provide powers our own tools and products, including our flagship consumer car buying service at Unhaggle.com and leading automotive portals including Yahoo Autos, MSN Autos, Autofocus, AutoGuide, Globe Drive, and others. We are looking for a Python developer with experience with web application development. This is a full-time contract position. We are looking for developers who will be working from home and ideally to work with us on a long-term basis. You will be working remotely and we accept applications from candidates anywhere in the world. We use GitHub to manage tasks and code reviews as well as tools/services like New Relic, Sentry, Browserstack. Stripe, Twilio, Solr and Redis. We are constantly seeking to use the best tools available for our development team. You will be primarily involved in the following projects/areas: Our web portal unhaggle.com\n A web portal for our partner Kiijiji: http://kijiji.unhaggle.com/ \n REST APIs, for integration with different partners\n An internal and innovative SaaS web application we built for industry clients\n Maintenance of our test suite and/or Selenium tests\n Additional information: All projects are written in Python and Django. The scope will usually include front-end (CSS/Javascript and AJAX/XHTML) and back-end (Django, Python, PostgreSQL and general server software).\n We take quality seriously and you should expect to be involved in well written code bases following standards such as PEP-8 and good software engineering practices.\n Skills/Requirements: Strong hands on experience with Python, experience with Django is important, but we might still be willing to consider candidates with strong Python skills and none or little knowledge with Django.\n Strong web development experience: we expect that you know XHTML, CSS and Javascript well. Hands on experience with jQuery is a big plus\n Track record of delivering completed projects, preferably web-based\n Good SQL knowledge and databases, PostgreSQL is a plus\n You should be very familiar with Linux\n Experience using version control software, Git is a plus\n Understanding of code best practices and standards. We also expect that you follow PEP-8 style guide and use tools like Pyflakes and Pylint very often\n Experience writing Python test cases is a plus. Prior experience with TDD and/or Selenium is a plus.\n Easy-going personality. You will actively participate in design discussions and code review\n Please send your application with the following additional information: Any important details about your availability that we should be aware of. Note that this is a full-time position (8 hours per day / 40 hours per week).\n Any small sample of Python code that you have written and are really proud of [OR] any links to accounts such as github, google code, bitbucket or stackoverflow would be great too.\n A list of some projects that you have previously been involved in and that are currently online\n No relocation available, we are a distributed team. About Unhaggle: We are helping consumers to get the best price on new cars in Canada and changing the industry along the way.  Working at Unhaggle brings unique challenges, you will have the opportunity to leave a large footprint and have real impact in the product we ship every day to our customers.