Job: Senior Ruby on Rails Engineer - CrystalCommerce | Senior Ruby on Rails Engineer   CrystalCommerce is looking for a Senior Ruby on Rails Engineer (minimum five years experience) to join our Backend Team. Work fully-remote from anywhere in the U.S. with our talented team of developers.   Required Experience: Writing maintainable and scalable applications in Ruby on Rails\n Managing extensive background jobs processing, preferably with Resque\n    or Sidekiq Experience with relational and non-relational databases, preferably\n    MySQL and Redis Understanding and working on large codebases\n Building and securing the infrastructure of a highly trafficked site\n Managing infrastructure using tools like Ansible\n Experience working remotely with a small team of Engineers\n   Compensation: D.O.E. and competitive based on industry. Benefits:   (Benefits currently only apply to in-state applicants) Eligibility for benefits after 60 days (Medical, Dental, Vision, and Disability)\n Generous paid time off and holiday package. \n Work from home opportunities\n Company sponsored events\n Fully stocked kitchen with employer provided food\n Board games, Magic: The Gathering, and Foosball\n     About Us:   At CrystalCommerce, our mission is to create technology that facilitates niche commerce transactions by simplifying complex online operations, seamlessly integrating in-store and e-store inventories, and providing sellers with robust data to manage the growth and profitability of their company. Focusing on the hobby game industry, our innovative tools and services efficiently connect sellers and buyers within collectible marketplaces. If you have any interest in Magic: The Gathering, Comics, Pokemon, or anything else collectible, this may be the perfect opportunity to mix work and pleasure.   Other Important Things to Consider: This is a full-time, remote position...not a short-term contract or temporary job.\n If you are located outside the state of Washington, you will be serving as an independent contractor (we do take this into consideration in terms of salary/hourly pay rates).\n We are located in Seattle and our normal hours of operation are Monday through Friday, 6am PST - 6pm PST.  Your normal workday should fall within that twelve hour range, but we are flexible.  \n Principals Only!  We are not accepting applications from recruiters or firms.  \n